# Getting Started
## Overview
Pricing Tool can be used to help you find prices for your customer's needs. 
It is specifically designed with freelancers in mind but can be applied to different business models as well.
## Pricing
As of now, Pricing Tool is completely free. This may change in the future, in case the demand for the tool increases.
## Can the customer use it by himself?
No, it is designed to be used by seller. The seller can add products, manage contracts and add clients. The seller is supposed to walk the client through his needs. It is simply there to help you manage your pricing without needing complex table calculation tools like Excel. (Though, Excel probably is more powerful.)
## How does it work?
There are three different elements, the user can add.
### Products
For one, there are products. A product consists of different components. Depending on your customer's needs, each component can be activated or deactivated. Each component has different attributes, e.g. a price, which can then be used in the end to find a price for the whole contract.
### Clients
In order to create a contract, one first has to create a client. A client consists of basic information, like Name and E-Mail address.
### Contracts
A contract is used to bring a client and a product together. You can select, which components of the product, the client wants and get a total price for the whole contract.
## Legality
Pricing Tool is simply a tool to help you find prices. We do not take responsibility for any errors that occured during calculation. It is also not supposed to replace formal business contracts. Any results generated by the tools are without guarantee, non-binding and should not be seen as legally applicable documents. 

You should always double-check on the results. When it comes to final legally-binding contracts, you should consult your lawyers on how to handle it. Pricing Tool is defenitely not the right way to do this. Again, Pricing Tool is only there to help you make a quick estimate of the pricing. 
